Focus edited items (#40)
dwyl/phoenix-liveview-todo-list-tutorial: README.md

The second test, make sure the item value is updated when the edit form is submitted.

#### UI enhancement

We can make the UI a bit better by adding focus to the edited item using
[Hooks](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix_live_view/js-interop.html#client-hooks-via-phx-hook)

> On the template add a new attribute `phx-hook`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the 
`lib/live_view_todo_web/live/page_live.html.heex`
template 
add a new attribute `phx-hook`:
```
